Okay.
Let me see the distance so old.
And then mine is 25, so 25.
So let's leave it at 25 and then I'm going for my telegram icon.
Okay.
You should have this by now.
Remember, that was the first thing we did to pick our icons.
Okay, then I'm going to resize it to 36.
So 36.
Then that's a six.
Then I'm going to make sure it's aligned with this.
Okay.
So 36 by 36.
First.
Let me check here in seven, seven days.
Okay.
So here.
713 seven.
But we are using tests by text six.
It's okay.
And then I'll just control C control with this and I'm going to bring it down.
Change it to Warsop.
Or is it now?
Okay, so what's up?
No matter what's up.
What's up?
Let's see the distance.
Okay.
So just for your reference, so I'm also going to do here 19 since the distance so here the gap.
Pitching.
This is what's being seen.
So let me just do that of 19 for this, too.
So let me just take it up.
So 19.
Then I'll go for the WhatsApp logo with WhatsApp.
You should have this to.
And I'll change it to a 3636 press enter.
I think it's also a six.
Okay.
So let's bring it.
Let's make sure it's in line.
Okay.
So here there seems to be a good number of cup here.
You can do that.
Okay.
Let me see if this is so.
That's okay.
You can do that.
Or we can also just try to give it enough space.
So let me move it.
So well, so much is selected.
I'm going to move it down to give them some small gap.
Okay.
And now our gap is let's see.
So that's a lie.
Okay, so that's in my.
Okay.
So we just have the more options.
Simple.
So we're just going to copy this.
So, control.
Plus.
Select this.
Okay.
So let me zoom in so that we're able to select this.
It's.
So you notice I'm unable to select the line so I can do it.
I can just come here.
And since I didn't really miss out just how much I can experience, I know what the line I'm looking
for.
Remember, we have two lines.
Okay?
So what I'm looking for is line two.
So when I click on this, I so it shows me that I'm actually working on this.
Okay?
So I'm just going to just select this.
And then I once the rectangle names select the return, so there's a rectangle and then I'm also going
to select.
So hold shift.
Sorry, not shift control rather.
So they shift, so control.
So the rectangle, this rectangle, and then the line to control, not shift.
Shift is going to select or.
And then we need also the accounts linked.
So which is this?
So I also control this to K then control C, control V, and then I'm going to move it down.
So let's check the distance from here.
Okay.
So what you.
Okay, so 19.
So I'm going to do same to this.
So 19.
If it was.
Coach three then counseling.
Okay, so it's 19, so it's not dating.
So I'm going to change it to 19.
So we don't are going to sue 19 and which is okay.
Okay.
So we have to change this text to more options.
I'm going to change it to more options.
More options, options.
Then we get more options.
Let's see the so we have share contacts and then cover our code.
So just control C.
Control V.
Bring this here.
Firstly, let me check the gap or the distance here.
So 25, we're still going to ensure he has 25.
So it's 34 now.
So just use the rookie 25.
So it's now 25 and then it's going to be called the share contacts.
So share contacts.
Share.
Is this.
Contacts.
Share.
Contact.
The next one is controls you control v so I'm going to move it down.
So I'm holding two key.
So 19, I'm going to give you a 19 to 19 and then it's going to be called cure all.
Cure all could cure could see how it was.
Sure I could.
Okay.
So this should be our final work.
I can take this out now.
So I can take the rules out?
No, and then I can preview it.
James, our lesson.
The gap is too much.
So we can decide to follow that.
And let's see.
So let me just give them enough cap space and let's leave it this way.
Hold out and see.
So for me, I used 27, so.
Okay.
So depending on what you want to achieve, we can just try to keep.
So let's open our projects and then you can decide to preview it.
Okay, so let's wait for it to load the preview.
So this is our final project, not our final list, the first screen that we just worked on.
And then I think this is to boot.
It's too thick for me so I can change it to let me change to semi.
So it's the semi boat.
So I think I like it this way.
And then I think the changes.
Okay, so it's affected the changes.
Effected the changes.
So thank you guys for being part of today's session and then I hope to see you in the other lessons.
So thank you.